src/introduction.mdx, before:

---
name: Introduction
description: What is Apollo Client?
---

> Apollo Client 3.0 is now available in beta. [Switch to the beta docs](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/v3.0-beta)

**Apollo Client** is a complete state management library for JavaScript apps. Simply write a GraphQL query, and Apollo Client will take care of requesting and caching your data, as well as updating your UI.

Fetching data with Apollo Client guides you to structure your code in a predictable, declarative way consistent with modern React best practices. With Apollo, you can build high-quality features faster without the hassle of writing data plumbing boilerplate.

## Features

- **Declarative data fetching:** Write a query and receive data without manually tracking loading states
- **Excellent developer experience:** Enjoy helpful tooling for TypeScript, Chrome DevTools, and VS Code
- **Designed for modern React:** Take advantage of the latest React features, such as hooks
- **Incrementally adoptable:** Drop Apollo into any JavaScript app seamlessly
- **Universally compatible:** Use any build setup and any GraphQL API
- **Community driven:** Share knowledge with thousands of developers, thanks to our active open source community

## Get started

Follow the [quick start tutorial](/get-started/) to start fetching data in minutes. For a longer end-to-end example that includes pagination, local state management, and building a graph API, check out the [official Apollo tutorial](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/tutorial/introduction/).

## Explore Apollo Client

The Apollo Client docs are structured into the following sections. We recommend starting with the Essentials first before moving on to advanced topics.

1. **Essentials:** Start here to learn how to fetch data, update data, and manage local state with Apollo Client
2. **Features:** Learn how to get the most out of Apollo Client's features
3. **Advanced:** Advanced Apollo Client capabilities to cover all your needs
4. **Recipes:** How-to guides for accomplishing specific tasks
5. **API:** Full API details for Apollo Client, its React APIs, and additional packages

## Community integrations

This site's documentation focuses on React, but Apollo Client supports many other platforms:

- JavaScript
  - [Angular](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/angular)
  - [Vue](/integrations/integrations/#vue)
  - [Meteor](/integrations/meteor/)
  - [Ember](/integrations/integrations/#ember)
- Web Components
  - [Apollo Elements](/integrations/integrations/#web-components)
- Native mobile
  - [Native iOS with Swift](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/ios)
  - [Native Android with Java](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/android)

Commit message:

Update introductionb and getting-started

src/introduction.mdx, after:

---
name: Introduction
description: What is UpStamps?
route: /
---

# Introduction

What is UpStamps?

**UpStamps** is a management platform for Feature/Toggle Flags. It is a new way to test features under development in production. Feature flags help developers and product creators release untested or test new features in production or different environments.

Quickly test certain features of your projects in real-time with your users. UpStamps offers a simple interface for creating flags with support for different plug-a-play SDKs for your projects.

## Features

- **Multiple projects** - Organize your products by different projects;
- **Different types of environments** - Create different types of environments inside of the projects to organize the features;
- **Simple dashboard**  - Organize your features with a simple dashboard;
- **Project settings**
- **Easy-to-use Integrations** - Integrate into your projects with pre-built components and language SDKs;

## Get started

Follow the [quick start](/src-getting-started) to start integrating feature flags in your projects.

## Explore

The UpStamps docs are structured into the following sections.

1. **Introduction:** Start here to learn about the documentation, components, API and how to use it.
2. **Getting Started:** Learn how to get the most out of UpStamps features, how to install and use the built-in components.
3. **API Reference:** Advanced UpStamps capabilities to cover all your needs.

## Integrations

- JavaScript
  - [React](/src-getting-started#react-integration)
- Others
  - [Rest API](/integrations/integrations/#web-components)
